where's north from here hey guys
hiphopopotamus today I'm going to be
doing an xbox 360 controller shell
replacement I got this from gamer mods
calm it comes with its own board and
really the only things you do sar these
three wires and it comes with LEDs all
these buttons and then in the bumpers
and switch right here turn it on and off
it's like a matte black color it's
pretty cool all right okay so you're
going to start by removing these seven
screws there's one right here here here
same on this side and then there's one
right behind this sticker so just peel
it up and then you can get and this bit
is a Torx t8 it's actually a security
bit it has a hole in the end of the
driver here probably can't see that but
there's a hole there these screws have
little prongs and you can't go yeah
don't worry all right you can't I
usually just break it off with a really
small flat head but they sent me this in
package so now I don't have to worry
about it I get these undone okay screws
removed and the controller comes apart
like this all the buttons are going to
fall out don't worry about it okay
so I'm solid somewhere all right pretty
sure they actually sent me an old
version the controller it's not the
matrix version would have a block
resistor right up there but apparently
it's never going to i'm not too worried
about it is still new I just take that
off some letters just kind of lift it up
out of the case come on and do one hand
in there it goes all right you can set
these side and not need them except for
make sure get that don't need that okay
next let replace the triggers first
it'll be easier that way so have the
smoke colored triggers so replace this
whole second okay so I've already remove
the first one you're going to do push
the front of this that way in the back
this way you can see there's a little
tab right there so if I can do this
one-handed
all right yeah I'm not going to be able
to do that comes out we're going to pull
kind of pull these fins apart and then
the rest of this will slide forward
where you can kind of grab the spring
out and then it just moves to the left
and out fairly simple going to pause the
video take the other trigger off
triggers back on next we are going to
settle these wires okay the white one or
positive lead k is it going to go from
right here the black one going to get on
the bottom and then this red one is
going to go there and i'll show you once
i have it soldered heating up to sort of
get what okay i just want to get I just
went ahead and put it back together so
pretty cool i'll turn it on with a quick
okay turn the lights off while i'll
pause the video earlier or replace the
SMD LEDs here's you today and now
they're a lot brighter than the stock
green ones they were extremely I'll just
solder there and find when you lose them
so I'd advise against that here's a
little present light got a lady's the
bumpers all the lights looks really cool
and all the buttons it was really cool
in the dark I don't know if you can tell
them
dang it okay I'll have you can tell the
difference of the camera but this is
this is the stuff this is the original
it's really glossy this is more of a mad
black really cool again the website with
gamer mods com I'll put a link in the
description will be down there pretty
sure all right he said